Adding revealed messages to challenge hash (#128)
decentralized-identity/bbs-signature: draft-bbs-signatures.md

- msg_1,..., msg_L, octet strings. Messages in input to Sign.
- H_1,..., H_L, points of G1. The generators in input to Sign.
- RevealedIndexes, vector of unsigned integers. Indexes of revealed messages.

>                    RevealedIndexes MUST be ordered from the lowest to the highest value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                   This vector MUST be ordered from the lowest to the highest value.
```

6. generators =  (H_s || H_d || H_1 || ... || H_L)

> 7. revealed_msgs = (msg_i1 || msg_i2 || ... || msg_iR)

Reviewer: On further thought with ProofGen, where is (msg_i1, .., msg_iR) defined?

Reviewer: We need to add a step to this procedure that computes msg_i1 ... msg_iR from msg and RevealedIndexes

8. domain = OS2IP(HASH(PK || L || generators || Ciphersuite_ID || header)) mod q

9. for element in (r1, r2, e~, r2~, r3~, s~, m~_j1, ..., m~_jU):

10.      element = HASH(PRF(8*ceil(log2(q)))) mod q

11.      if element = 0, go back to step 7

12. B = P1 + H_s * s + H_d * domain + H_1 * msg_1 + ... + H_L * msg_L

13. r3 = r1 ^ -1 mod q

14. A' = A * r1

15. Abar = A' * (-e) + B * r1

16. D = B * r1 + H_s * r2

17. s' = s + r2 * r3

18. C1 = A' * e~ + H_s * r2~

19. C2 = D * (-r3~) + H_s * s~ + H_j1 * m~_j1 + ... + H_jU * m~_jU

> 20. c = HASH(PK || Abar || A' || D || C1 || C2 || domain || revealed_msgs || ph)

Reviewer: One minor question do we want to include `R` alongside the actual revealed messages like we include L alongside the generators in the domain?

Author: Done. Thanks!

6. generators =  (H_s || H_d || H_1 || ... || H_L)

7. revealed_msgs = (msg_i1 || msg_i2 || ... || msg_iR)

8. domain = OS2IP(HASH(PK || L || generators || Ciphersuite_ID || header)) mod q

9. for element in (r1, r2, e~, r2~, r3~, s~, m~_j1, ..., m~_jU):

10.      element = HASH(PRF(8*ceil(log2(q)))) mod q

11.      if element = 0, go back to step 7

12. B = P1 + H_s * s + H_d * domain + H_1 * msg_1 + ... + H_L * msg_L

13. r3 = r1 ^ -1 mod q

14. A' = A * r1

15. Abar = A' * (-e) + B * r1

16. D = B * r1 + H_s * r2

17. s' = s + r2 * r3

18. C1 = A' * e~ + H_s * r2~

19. C2 = D * (-r3~) + H_s * s~ + H_j1 * m~_j1 + ... + H_jU * m~_jU

> 20. c = HASH(Abar || A' || D || C1 || C2 || R || revealed_msgs || domain || ph)

Reviewer 2: We should add the messages too and not just the indices. We need them both. If that’s already the case it’s not clear to me how that is so given revealed_msgs appears to just include indices

Author: Thank you! Currently the PR only includes the revealed messages (note that `revealed_msgs =  (msg_i1 || msg_i2 || ... || msg_iR)` where `msg_i1, ..., msg_iR` the revealed messages in the current notation). Including the revealed indices also makes sense to me but there are proposals to remove the indices notion altogether (see for example issue #117 for some context). For that reason, I made the PR a draft for now, until a proper notation is decided.

- msg_i1,..., msg_iR, octet strings. The revealed messages in input to ProofGen.
- H_1,..., H_L, points of G1. The generators in input to Sign.
- RevealedIndexes, vector of unsigned integers. Indexes of revealed messages.

>                    RevealedIndexes MUST be ordered from the lowest to the highest value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                   This vector MUST be ordered from the lowest to the highest value.
```
